[Synthetics] Private Location: Document the behavior of reverse proxies with Datadog intake (#21921)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/configuration.md

**Default**: `none`<br>
Proxy URL used by the private location to send requests to Datadog (for example, `--proxyDatadog=http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).

> **Note:** When setting up an HTTPS proxy, the `HTTP CONNECT` request made to the proxy establishes the initial TCP connection between the Private Location and Datadog. As such, reverse proxies like HAProxy that directs `HTTP CONNECT` request to Datadog are not supported. A forward proxy should be set up to open the connection to Datadog on behalf of the Private Location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** When setting up an HTTPS proxy, the `HTTP CONNECT` request made to the proxy establishes the initial TCP connection between the private location and Datadog. As such, reverse proxies like HAProxy that direct an `HTTP CONNECT` request to Datadog are not supported. Set up a forward proxy to open the connection to Datadog on behalf of the private location.
```

> 

Author: Language has been adapted from the [Agent proxy configuration doc page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/configuration/proxy/?tab=linux#web-proxy), but the behavior is different with the Private Location and the Synthetics intake.
